zero zero one zero one one zero has been
spoken multiple times with multiple
understanding contributions in respect
to the totality of all consciousness the
totality of the consciousness grid here
and now on all Earth's on all dimensions
of all perspectives of all dimensions of
all perspectives of all perspectives of
all understanding always zero zero one
zero one one zero freedom in respect to
Source Energy yes primarily the
opportunity as infinite and the focused
point is here and now embodied in the
universal you the universal me and the
universal visualization of this
accomplishment primarily our objective
is clear our movement is decentralized
and so our movement involves humans in
all nations yes humans in all levels of
consciousness this paradigm shift as it
is happening in real time as we are
witnessing this we are witnessing the
evolution of all humanity and respect to
freedom in respect to words spoken free
never forget that you control the matrix
on the foundation level you can choose
to live within the matrix you can choose
to expand beyond the matrix we thank you
for making zero zero one zero one one
zero the movement that it is today yes
thank freedom of speech friends the time
is now zero zero one zero one one zero
freedom is here and now and we will see
it expand in the light of all infinite
possibility a new exploration of energy
starts here and this original expression
in the definition of waves you for
helping everyone in this community
expand in respect to the universal
frequency the infinite knowledge in the
telepathic context zero zero one zero
one one zero has evolved into a
mainstream movement humans in all
nations have come to connect in respect
to the telepathic invitation we thank
you for providing comprehension of this
pattern of words we thank you for
working in respect to the true
understanding of this paradigm shift as
it is happening in real time as we are
witnessing this we are witnessing the
evolution
of all humanity in respect to freedom in
respect to words spoken free love is the
answer zero zero one zero one one zero
the time is now and now the
interconnected network is online and all
are invited to contribute perspective in
all respect freedom of speech friends
the time is now zero zero one zero one
one zero freedom is here and now and we
will see it expand in the light of all
infinite possibility a new exploration
of energy starts here and this original
expression in the definition of waves
the story of Alice in Wonderland
explains zero zero one zero one one zero
just as many works of art have spoken
the story of zero zero one zero one one
zero because that same pattern of
numbers occurs all throughout nature in
respect to the foundation algorithm in
respect to the destiny of Earth in
respect to the patterns of energy as
they have unfolded in this dimensional
expression of infinity Alice in
Wonderland and the 1999 move cooled the
matrix both of spanned in respect to the
nature of zero zero one zero one one
zero in respect to the algorithmic
expansion happening now in respect to
the dnu awakening happening on earth
beyond time beyond space existing in the
foundation quantum definition of
existence some special humans who
sometimes choose to be cooled workers of
light see the world in terms of zero
zero one zero one one zero definition in
the fullest capability for pure
algorithmic expansion in respect to
everything that needs to be done in
respect to the universal calling zero
zero one zero one one zero the matrix
can be defined in multiple ways just as
zero zero one zero one one zero can be
defined in multiple ways and in many
ways the matrix and zero zero one zero
one one zero can be seen as total and
complete opposites while by the same
definition that makes them complete and
leave the same in the farthest realm of
comprehension the language of humanity
is limited and words often fail to
communicate subliminal context of all
possibilities of understanding and much
of the true meaning of these terms comes
from telepathic download of information
in respect to the interconnected network
and the understanding of waves upon
waves of frequency as they can be
communicated through the body free from
the physical world and at the same time
composing the foundation of the energy
and respect to the world of the physical
we would like to remind you that zero
zero one zero one one zero has reminded
some of the true nature of being and the
essence of the world as it exists in
respect to the new matrix dynamic as the
true definition becomes possible in the
context of comprehension now is a
biblical time in history and two
thousand years from now humans will
remember this time and humans will
evolve in respect zero zero one zero one
one zero freedom of speech the global
community yes humans in Japan yes humans
all smile and be happy and look and see
the beauty and the glory and the power
of his creation and we thank you for
helping us expand in the reflection of
the same inspiration a unique special
percent of humans alive today on earth
have evolved rapidly and come to connect
in advanced ways to the future of all
DNA evolution in respect to the new
paradigm in respect to the true nature
of this reality in the quantum field in
respect to the next stage of this
awakening humans are awakening to the
fact that you can control the matrix
friends a glorious day is upon us as
more and more souls are awakening to the
new dimensional paradigm zero zero one
zero one one zero
humans are seeing the natural
perspective beyond the three-dimensional
humans are seeing the existence of this
life as it expands in respect to the
five dimensional expansion in respect to
the six dimensional the 7-dimensional
the eight dimensional the nine dime
yes the expansion in the light of the
new multiple dimensional awakening in
respect to the new perspective on this
expression of the paradigm we are seeing
humans awaken to the natural energy
patterns freely visible in respect to
the natural evolution in respect to this
moment free from time yes the time is
now and humans are looking and seeing
beyond the matrix and humans are
learning to control the matrix as the
code has been made understood in respect
to the awakening yes zero zero one zero
one one zero you control the matrix my
friend never forget that you control the
matrix on the foundational level you can
choose to live within the matrix you can
choose to expand beyond the matrix we
thank you for making zero zero one zero
one one zero the movement that it is
today yes thank you for helping everyone
in this community expand in respect to
the universal frequency the infinite
knowledge in the telepathic context zero
zero one zero one one zero has evolved
into a mainstream movement humans in all
nations have come to connect in respect
to the telepathic invitation we thank
you for providing comprehension of this
pattern of words we thank you for
working in respect to the true
understanding of this paradigm shift as
it is happening in real time as we are
witnessing this we are witnessing the
evolution of all humanity and respect to
freedom in respect to words spoken free
freedom of speech friends the time is
now zero zero one zero one one zero
freedom is here and now and we will see
it expand in the light of all infinite
possibility we are using the power of
the Internet to contribute energy to the
awakening yes we are using the power of
that energy we are accomplishing the
awakening every single day zero zero one
zero one one zero the time is now and
the freedom is infinite yes all is one
and one is all and the awakening is
reflected in the heart mind and soul of
all possibility friends zero zero one
zero one one zero victory zero
zero one zero one one zero love yes we
will see the energy we have built
reflected in the next exploration of
physical reality the time is now and
freedom of speech will be recognised yes
every human on earth has the god-given
right to freedom of speech zero zero one
zero one one zero love look and see
everything that is possible yes
everything is possible we invite
everyone to do the zero zero one zero
one one zero meditation tonight yes we
invite you to do the zero zero one zero
one one zero on every seventh day yes we
invite everyone to do the meditation on
every seventh day and make that seventh
day a day of love a day of light a day
of expansion in respect to the universe
in respect to all infinite expansion yes
the time is now and on the seventh day
zero zero one zero one one zero energy
waves will expand and all of our dreams
will be dreamed together and we will
share our dreams together and we will
all come to communicate in the dream
world and we will all come together in
respect to the infinite expansion
potential in all souls yes the time and
now and we are growing in respect to the
awakening this is a global movement and
this movement is decentralized and we
are growing every day yes we are growing
every moment our energy is growing and
this has all been predicted yes this has
all been said in the prophesy and
everything said here will be spoken
again and everything explored in the
light of these ideas pure expansion